# Team #4 Meeting 5.2 Notes: 5/7/2026
## Meeting Type  
Standup Meeting 2

## Location and Time  
- In person, in front of Catalyst
- May 7th, 2026 @ 6:20 pm
- Meeting end time: 6:25 pm

## Standup Updates
| Name | What I did | What I'm working on | Blockers |
|------|----------|------------| ----|
Rohaan Sandhu | Start Beads research | I'm currently working on understanding beads. I'm trying to download and play around with it to get an idea of what we could build | None |  
Albert Bunyi | Start user research | Focusing on trying to get into the mindset of our users, thinking about what would be features they'd love or annoy them | None |  
Yifei Du | Start user research | Trying to understand what users would care about in our app, and what are some quality of life features we can add. | None |
Anish Kondamadugula | Start Beads research | Looking through the functionality and design for beads to get some inspiration for our own product. Also thinking of a rough outline for how main page should look to the users. | None |
Jack Xiang | Start Beads research | Looking at the beads CLI and seeing how their app works. Thinking of user personas/user stories. I'm also wondering how to prototype with AI, as creating a CLI tool is a different task to what I'm used to creating with AI. | None |
Kalyssa Choy | Start product research | Thinking about functionality of app, what kind of scenarios it could be applied to. Finishing research. | Time constraints |
Phuong Dinh | Start Beads research | Looking at Beads CLI and figuring out what the CLI does well and how we may want to apply it to our product. Thinking about the design for our product. | None |
Shermyn Cheah | Start product research | Looking into possible constraints or safety measures needed to manage AI agents. | None |
Zachary Huang | N/A | N/A | N/A |
Antonio Didjusto | N/A | N/A | N/A | 