# Team #4 Meeting 7 Notes: 5/17/2026 
## Meeting Type  
Sprint 2 Review, Sprint 3 Planning

## Attendance
| Member name | Present |
|---|---|
| Phuong Dinh | Y|
| Albert Bunyi | Y|
| Anish Kondamadugula | Y|
| Antonio Didjusto | N|
| Jack Xiang | Y|
| Kalyssa Choy | Y|
| Rohaan Sandhu | Y|
| Shermyn Cheah | Y|
| Yifei Du | Y|
| Zachary Huang | Y|

## Location and Time  
- In person, Geisel 2nd Floor East
- Sunday, May 17, 2026 @ 7:00pm
- Meeting end time: 8:00 pm

## Agenda  
- Sprint Review
- Sprint Planning
  - Development Outline
  - Presentation (Thursday)
- Make Major Decisions
- Divide into subteams
- Meeting Wrap Up

## Sprint Review
- What tasks from this sprint are done vs. still in progress?
  - Completed:
    - Anish: Created a diagram for prioritization workflow plan
    - Jack: Created core workflow flowcharts. Created 2 prototypes with AI. 
    - Kalyssa: Came up with CLI commands and flags (subject to change)
    - Rohaan: CI workflow (lint and unit test) created, also added a package.json for dependencies and a gitignore.
    - Shermyn: Failure Workflows 
    - Zach: Functional and Non Functional Requirements + Setup CLI Commands
    - Yifei: Created a Clarification workflows for the MVP
    - Albert: Finished the definition of Issue Data Model
    - Phuong: Completed workflow for review
  - In progress:
    - Nothing.
- What went well that we should keep doing?
  - Able to divide up tasks
  - Able to make some decisions
- What needs to change for the next sprint?
  - Lacked clarity on what decisions to make
  - Related tasks should be required to talk to each other
- Overview Project Requirements (Zach):
  - Issue Data model (Albert)
  - Core Issue Lifecycle Workflows (Jack)
  - Prioritization Workflows (Anish)
  - Review Workflows (Phuong)
  - Clarification Workflows (Yifei)
  - Failure Workflows (Shermyn)
  - **Agree Upon and Finalize**
- Overview CLI/SDK commands (Zach, Kalyssa, Antonio)
  - Are they well defined enough to begin coding?

## Sprint Planning
- **Goal**: Complete the majority of project development in weeks 8 & 9.

## Development Outline
- How can we break this project down into components?
  - Storage/data layer
  - Issue Data Model (all fields, types, required vs. optional)
  - User CLI commands
  - Agent SDK commands
  - CI/CD Pipeline
  - Slides & Presentation Video
  - **What else?** 
- What technologies are we using?
  - Javascript
  - SQL database
- What components are dependent on others?
- What can we get done this week?
  - Setting up the SQL Database
  - Service Layer (CLI Command Functionality)
    - Setup Commands
    - CRUD CLI Commands
  - Plan AI Agent integrations
  - Slides & Presentation

## Presentation (Thursday)
- What does a successful presentation look like?
- Have a demo, be able to create an issue
  - Have it done earlier 
  - Have some humor
  - Design Aspect
  - Diagrams, workflow
- What do we want to be able to show?
  - Demo (what parts?), design, workflow, research?

## Decisions
- SQLite Database or JSON files
  - Decision SQL
  - JSON lacks structure. SQL has complex relationships, SQL allows for relationships between data while JSON forces you to pull all - data and then make the relationships in code 
- Add ADR to GitHub, under docs/ folder.
- Meet with Professor

## Subteams
- Subteams should plan *at least 1* meeting during the sprint to - complete deliverables.
- What are the teams and what are they doing?
  - 3 People: Setting up SQL Database, Setup CLI commands
    - Anish
    - Albert
    - Yifei
  - 4 People: CRUD Commands + AI Agent Integration Research
    - Rohaan
    - Phuong
    - Kalyssa
    - Shermyn
  - 3 People: Slides & Presentation
    - Jack
    - Antonio
    - Zach

## GitHub Issues
- Create GitHub issues with your subteam for your component to breakdown the task, show progress, and keep an accurate log.

## Convention
- Feature branching:
  - Each person should create a new branch for each specific task.
  - Once the feature is fully complete create a PR to the main branch - which closes the issue (issues should be made prior to coding).
- Branch naming: : `<type>/<name>/<short-desc.>`
  - Ex: docs/zach/project-requirements
- Branch Types:
  - Feature (or Feat): for developing new functionality
  - Fix: for addressing bug fixes in existing features
  - Docs: for updates, additions, or corrections to project - documentation
  - Refactor: For structural code changes that do not add features or - fix bugs.
  - Test: For adding or modifying tests.
  - Experiment: For trying out new ideas or prototypes outside the - main workflow.
- Make sure to close/delete branches that are completed to keep the - repo clean!

## AI Usage
- AI is allowed for this project. Honestly, I encourage you to use it!
- However, I discourage vibe coding, all AI-written code should *at least* be reviewed before committing.
- **ALL AI USAGE MUST BE DOCUMENTED (Comment at the top of the file describing the extent of AI usage)**
- **Course Requirement**: Commits over 300 lines of code MUST be reviewed by another person.

## Ongoing Tasks
- Complete stand up updates throughout the week
- Keep GitHub Issues updated with progress (daily)

## Notes/Questions
- Review Project Requirements. If you have a section that you - worked on in the requirements.
- Questions about another team are reviewing our work.
- Meet with Professor Week 9. Do team leads have to be there?
- Workflows meeting