# Team #4 Meeting 7.1 Notes: 5/19/2026
## Meeting Type  
Standup Meeting 7

## Location and Time  
- In person, in front of Catalyst
- May 19th, 2026 @ 6:20 pm
- Meeting end time: 6:25 pm

## Standup Updates
| Name | What I did | What I'm working on | Blockers |
|------|----------|------------| ----|
Zachary Huang | Added to GitHub issues, started working on slides for presentation, and started working on outline for next meeting | Working on the presentation slides + video (due tmrw) | None |
Albert Bunyi | Created GitHub issues for setup sub team, started working on CLI commands. Finished cli.js and init.js and pushed them. | Finishing the other commands for the MVP | None |
Rohaan Sandhu | Created Initial file for Issue CRUD functionality, and completed the createIssue and getIssue functions. | Continue work on CRUD commands. | Will be in Michigan for the week, so I won't be able to get much done. |  
Jack Xiang | Met with TA to clarify workflows, looked at GitHub repo for presentation ideas. | Creating first section of slides (Team decomposition / Agile workflow / Issues encountered). | None for the first section of slides |
Shermyn Cheah | Looked at current implementation of IssueService.js, started working on Read functions | Continue working on Read functions, look into AI integration afterwards | Might not be able to complete functions by tonight as I have a quiz tomorrow |
Yifei Du | Created issue.js and activityLog.js files and worked on creating classes  for them. | Finishing the 2 .js files I'm working on | Lab 7, a quiz tomorrow, and a homework due this Friday |
Phuong Dinh | Merged most of the workflow, chose to work on Update | Finishing workflow merge, continue working on Update, update meeting notes | I have a midterm this week |
Anish Kondamadugula | Created db.js (file for database creation) | Reviewing pr for utils.js and creating test cases for cli commands | None |
Kalyssa Choy | Reviewed Rohaans pr for initial outline and merged to main | Figuring out a specific task to complete, continue to review other prs | Quiz, time |
Antonio Didjusto | N/A | N/A | N/A | 