# Team #4 Meeting 7.2 Notes: 5/21/2026
## Meeting Type  
Standup Meeting 8

## Location and Time  
- In person, in front of Catalyst
- May 21th, 2026 @ 6:20 pm
- Meeting end time: 6:25 pm

## Standup Updates
| Name | What I did | What I'm working on | Blockers |
|------|----------|------------| ----|
Yifei Du | I finished the JavaScript classes for issue.js and activityLog.js and got the pull request approved. | Doing test cases and finding other tasks | None |
Phuong Dinh | I finished update functions for issueService.js and some additional functions | Polishing the functions to include more edge cases | I have a midterm this week |
Albert Bunyi | I finished CLI commands files and reviewed some pull requests. | Creating test files for CLI commands. | None |
Anish Kondamadugula | Finalized db.js and reviewed a couple of pull requests | Making test files for CLI commands | None |
Shermyn Cheah | Finished the implementation for listIssues and searchIssues | Completing the issue I assigned myself, review at the list of functions still needed | School wifi |
Jack Xiang | Finished and edited the video | Finding an issue on GitHub and working on it | None |
Kalyssa Choy | Reviewed and approved zach's pr, created the assignIssue function | Finalizing assign issue for pr and responseToIssue function implementation | Time |
Zachary Huang | Added to Github Issues. Worked on presentation slides. Recorded sections of status video. Updated user workflow. Updated CLI Crud Issue Commands. Reformatted CLI Setup Commands Doc | Looking through issues on GitHub and completing them and adding more issues to github. | None |
Rohaan Sandhu | N/A | N/A | N/A |  
Antonio Didjusto | N/A | N/A | N/A | 